{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs26 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Long forward position is contract to buy a forward contract a specified future date and specific price. Short position is the same but to sell said contract.\
{\listtext	2.	}Hedging is meant to minimize risk without guarantee of better or worse outcome. Speculation is in essence attempting to predict market position of a future time in order to attain profit in a futures, forward, or options contract. Arbitrage is attempting to simultaneous enter two separate markets in order to gain net profit.\
{\listtext	3.	}In the forward contract, the hold must buy said commodities at 50 per unit at the specified date. In the call option, the holder may choose not to exercise his/her right to buy when the time comes, or beforehand.\'a0\
{\listtext	4.	}Selling a call option gives the purchaser the right to buy a commodity for a certain price at a certain future time, which may or may not be exercised. Buy a put option gives you the right to sell a commodity at a certain price and future time, which you may or may not exercise\
{\listtext	5.	}\'a0-1000, +2000\
{\listtext	6.	}+900, -650\
{\listtext	7.	}You would lose at most the sum of the entire value of stocks minus cost of contract in the worst case scenario that the stock drops to 0 because if the price drops below 40, they can still exercise the option in the period put to three months and sell at 40 per share.\'a0\
{\listtext	8.	}Over-the-counter market is made between two groups on a more personal level, usually over phone. Exchange market is where trades are made according to standardized rules to ensure all contracts are honored. Bid and offer quotes are prices that parties are willing to buy and sell at and priced in a way that works to the market maker\'92s advantage.\
{\listtext	9.	}In the first case, you can buy 200 shares of the stock at 29 and sell later. If the price is 31 after three months, you make 400. If the prices is 28, you lose 200 In the second option , you can buy the 2000 options at 2.9 per option. Then, if the price is 31 in the future, you can buy 2000 shares at 30 and sell at 31 to make 2000 dollars. If the price is 28, you would lose 4000. Thus the risk and reward are correspondingly higher.\'a0\
{\listtext	10.	}Suppose you set the strike price at 24. Then, even if the price drops below 24 dollars, you still have there right to sell them at 24 due to the put contract, avoiding more serious losses.\'a0\
{\listtext	11.	}I think so, since options need not be exercised. So if the price drops, the other party need not buy the stock when the time comes, but the price of the contract is set.\'a0\
{\listtext	12.	}In hedging, you can attain a forward short contract at a strike price slightly lower than the current price. If the price decreased, you have not lost too much since you will still sell the commodity at the strike price rather than the market price. This reduces risk. To speculate, consider a long forward contract set at strike price slightly higher than current price. Then, if the price increased above that in the future, you can still buy the commodity at the cheaper strike price and then sell them at the higher market price, netting a profit.\'a0\
{\listtext	13.	}\'a0If the buy price rises above 52.50, then profit will be made.\'a0\
{\listtext	14.	}If the price is lower than 56 in June, than the option holder will have gained since they can still sell at 60 dollars and buy at less than 56, netting at least 4 dollars minus cost of of contract.\'a0\
{\listtext	15.	}In September, the holder will buy at 20 a share, and sell for 25 a share. The cost was 2 dollars per share, so he will gain a net profit of 3 dollars per share.\'a0\
{\listtext	16.	}The buyer will gain if the price drops below 26 dollars, as he can still sell at 30 and buy at 26, netting profit after price of contract is subtracted. The writer will gain if price stays above 26 dollars.\
{\listtext	17.	}A put option is desired so you can sell the currency received at a higher price if price drops below the agreed upon strike price.\'a0\
{\listtext	18.	}In the forward contract case, the bank can buy a forward contract at a slightly unfavorable exchange rate. This way, if the rate worsens, they can still trade the Canadian currency for US dollar at the strike price so that the loss is mitigated. In the option case, if the currency becomes favorable, you need not trade to maintain profit.\'a0\
{\listtext	19.	}-60000, +110000\
{\listtext	20.	}Hedgers will invest in these bonds to reduce risk due to future interest rates. Speculators will speculate on future interest rates as to make a profit.\
{\listtext	21.	}The buyer who gains profit or has losses has equivalent loss or profit on the seller sided. There is no net gain between two parties.\
{\listtext	22.	}European options can be exercised or not anytime up to its maturity, so the net profit is the difference between the value of the call option and the price of the call option. In particular, in the worse case scenario, the value of both the option and the forward contract is 0 since a long position forward contract would buy and a put option would sell.\'a0\
{\listtext	23.	}If the price S_t rises above 169, then only 1000 in profit is made. If S_t drops below 84.5, no profit is made. Otherwise, the profit is 1000 - 1000((169/S_t) - 1). \'a0The first case is equivalent to a short call option. The second case is equivalent to a long call option. The last position is equivalent to a regular bond.\'a0\
{\listtext	24.	}The first case has a profit of 10(S - F_7) and the second case has a profit of 10(F_9 - S). The total profit is then 10(F_9 - F_7).\
{\listtext	25.	}a) The arbitrageur takes a short position on the 90-day contract and sells at 2.0056 per pound. He also buys the call option to buy sterling for 1.97 per unit at 2 cents on the 180-day contract. He then gains 2.0056-1.97 per unit minus cost of contract. b) The arbitrageur takes a long position on the 180 day so he can buy for 2.0018 on per unit. If he sells for 2.04 per unit using the 90-day put option, he gains 2.04 - 2.0018 per unit, minus cost of option.\
{\listtext	26.	}He can buy a put option at the forward price in 1 year of gold. Thus he can exercise it to sell at 800 per unit for 80000 per option. He can then borrow 60000 to buy 100 units of gold, and now has to pay back 66000 in 1 year. If he exercises, he can make a profit of 80000-66000 = 14000 per option.\'a0\
{\listtext	27.	}If he buys shares, his profit will be 100(F - 94). In the option case, the profit will be 2000(F-94) - 94 = 2000F - 188094. We need 100F - 9400 < \'a02000F - 188094, or F - 94 < 20F - 1880.94, or 19F > 1786.94, or F > 94.04. So the stock price needs to rise above 94.04 for the options strategy to be profitable.\
{\listtext	28.	}In the first choice, the downside risk is 100(17.50-19.56) - 4.75. The second choice is 100(17.50 - 19.56). The advantages of the first strategy is that if the price drops below 17.50 before January, the company can buy and sell those at 17.50 to minimize risk: they are guaranteed to sell at 17.50 on January even if price is lower than that on that day. The disadvantage happens if the price rises above 19.56, in which case the company will lose 4.75 to the contract.\'a0\
{\listtext	29.	}The profit is defined to be 1000 + min(2550, 170*(F-25)) If the price is above 40, this is equivalent to a short position on call options on oil at 40 dollar strike price. If the prices is less than 25, this is equivalent to a long position on call options at 25 dollar strike price. Between 25, and 50 dollars, the deal acts as a regular bond\
{\listtext	30.	}You can buy a call option for the price between 2.02 and 2.09 in that month. If you do so, you can exercise if profit is made AND if the price is within that range. If not, you can simply choose not to exercise the option to satisfy requirements of both parties.\'a0\
{\listtext	31.	}The exchange rate is 2.0560 spot and strike price is 2.0486 in 6 months. ImportCo can buy a call option at 2.0486 so that if the price goes above 2.07 they can still buy at 2.0486. ExportCo can buy a put option at 2.0486 so that if the price drops below 2.04, they can still sell at 2.0486.\
{\listtext	32.	}In the first case the trade may choose not to buy if the price drops below the strike price at maturity. In the second case, the trader must buy if the holder of the put option exercises his right to sell. The price of the call and the price of the put is equal if the strike price and forward price are these same.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\'a0 \'a0\
}
